giv
The Gibson Les Paul is a solid body electric guitar that was first sold by the Gibson Guitar Corporation in 1952.
The guitar was designed by factory manager John Huis and his team with input from and endorsement by guitarist Les Paul. 

strat
The Fender Stratocaster, colloquially known as the Strat, is a model of electric guitar designed between 1952 and 1954 by Leo Fender, Bill Carson, George Fullerton, and Freddie Tavares. 
The Fender Musical Instruments Corporation has continuously manufactured the Stratocaster since 1954.

gsg
The Gibson SG is a solid-body electric guitar model introduced by Gibson in 1961, 
following on from the 1952 Gibson Les Paul. It remains in production today in many variations of the initial design. 
The SG Standard is Gibson's best-selling model of all time. SG stands for "solid guitar".

Ibanez
The Ibanez RG is a series of electric guitars produced by Hoshino Gakki. The first model in the series, the RG550, was originally released in 1987 and advertised as part of the Roadstar series. 
That series was renamed "RG" in 1992 and all models since are simply known as RGs.

FV
The Flying V is an electric guitar model introduced by Gibson in 1958. The Flying V offered a radical, "futuristic" body design, much like its siblings: the Explorer, which was released the same year, 
and the Moderne, which was designed in 1957 but not released until 1982. 

tay
Taylor Guitars is an American guitar manufacturer based in El Cajon, California, and is one of the largest manufacturers of acoustic guitars in the United States.They specialize 
in acoustic guitars and semi-hollow electric guitars. The company was founded in 1974 by Bob Taylor and Kurt Listug.

epi
Epiphone is an American musical instrument brand that traces its roots to a musical instrument 
manufacturing business founded in 1873 by Anastasios Stathopoulos in Smyrna, Ottoman Empire, and 
moved to New York City in 1908. After taking over his father's business, 
Epaminondas Stathopoulos named the company "Epiphone" as a combination of his own nickname 
"Epi" and the suffix "-phone" (from Greek phon-, "voice")in 1928, the same year it began making guitars.

fend
The Fender Telecaster, colloquially known as the Tele /ˈtɛli/,is an electric guitar produced by Fender. 
Together with its sister model the Esquire, it was the world's first mass-produced, commercially successful solid-body electric guitar. Its simple yet effective design and revolutionary sound 
broke ground and set trends in electric guitar manufacturing and popular music.

Jacks
Jackson is a brand of guitars sold by the Fender Musical Instruments Corporation. Jackson was originally an independent manufacturer of electric guitars and 
electric bass guitars named after its founder, the American luthier Grover Jackson. The company was acquired by Fender in 2002, which manufactures Jackson-branded guitars in its Corona, California,
 US and Ensenada, Mexico facilities. Low-priced "budget" models are produced by sub-contractors in Indonesia and China.

jm
The Fender Jazzmaster is an electric guitar designed as a more expensive sibling of the Fender Stratocaster. 
First introduced at the 1958 NAMM Show, it was initially marketed to jazz guitarists, but found favor among surf rock guitarists in the early 1960s. Its appearance is similar to the Jaguar, though it is tonally and physically different in many technical ways, 
including pickup design, scale length and controls.

ibex
The Destroyer is an Ibanez brand electric guitar model (originally) manufactured at the FujiGen musical instrument factory for the Hoshino Gakki Company. The Destroyer model was first introduced by Hoshino Gakki in 1975 and was based on the Gibson Explorer design. The Destroyer has since undergone several 
design and line changes and has been available in both 6-string and bass versions.

gibex
The Gibson Explorer is a type of electric guitar model by Gibson guitars, released in 1958. The Explorer offered a radical, "futuristic" body design, much like its siblings: the Flying V, which was released the same year, and the Moderne, which was designed in 1957 but not released until 1982. The Explorer was the final development 
of a prototype design that, years later, Gibson marketed under the name Futura.

yambas
The bass guitar, electric bass or simply bass (/beɪs/) is the lowest-pitched member of the guitar family. It is a plucked string instrument similar in appearance and construction to an electric or acoustic guitar, but with a longer neck and scale length, and typically four to six strings or courses. Since the mid-1950s, 
the bass guitar has largely replaced the double bass in popular music.

yamcla
The classical guitar (also called Spanish guitar) is a member of the guitar family used in classical music and other styles. An acoustic wooden string instrument with strings made of gut or nylon, it is a precursor of the modern steel-string acoustic and electric guitars, both of which use metal strings. Classical guitars derive from the Spanish vihuela and gittern of the 15th and 16th century. 
Those instruments evolved into the 17th and 18th-century baroque guitar—and by the mid-19th century.

stfire
The Guild Guitar Company is a United States-based guitar manufacturer founded in 1952 by Alfred Dronge,
 a guitarist and music-store owner, and George Mann, a former executive with the Epiphone Guitar Company. 
The brand name currently exists as a brand under Córdoba Music Group. In February 2023, The Yamaha Guitar Group acquired Cordoba Music Group.

ukee
The ukulele is also called a uke, is a member of the lute family of instruments of Portuguese 
origin and popularized in Hawaii. It generally employs four nylon strings.

epiac
Epiphone is an American musical instrument brand that traces its roots to a musical instrument manufacturing business founded in 1873 by Anastasios Stathopoulos in Smyrna, Ottoman Empire, and moved to New York City in 1908. After taking over his father's business, Epaminondas Stathopoulos named the company "Epiphone" as a combination of his 
own nickname "Epi" and the suffix "-phone" (from Greek phon-, "voice") in 1928, the same year it began making guitars.

epiphone casino coupe
The Epiphone Casino is a thinline hollow body electric guitar manufactured by Epiphone, a branch of Gibson. The guitar debuted in 1961 and has been associated with such guitarists as Howlin' Wolf, George Harrison, John Lennon, Paul McCartney, Noel Gallagher, Keith Richards, Dave Davies, Brad Whitford, Shirley Manson, Paul Weller,
 The Edge, Josh Homme, Daniel Kessler, Brendon Urie, Gary Clark, Jr., Glenn Frey, John Illsley, and Peter Green.